# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
From the name of the data we can assume that data comes from a bank's adversiment plan. Whether it comes from the results or the people doing it cannot be stated.
I would assume it comes from the target parcipants as it includes personal data about them like age, marital status, education level and so on.
The objective of the project is to create a pipeline to create models predicting "Y" (I assume it marks whether the campaign was succesfull or not)

We implemented two pipelines, one using Hyperdrive and logistic regression and one using autoML.
The best result was obtained using autoML. It resulted in a VotingEnsemble with an accuracy of 0.91648
The best run of the hyperdrive gave us an accuracy of 0.91128, which is not far away from the best model

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
For the pipeline of Hyperdrive we defined a curated environment which included all the libraries needed for the training of a logistic regression model.
The training itself was performed with a predefined script that included the gathering of the data from a URL, its cleaning, and the divsision into training and test sets of it. 


**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
